Import guides (#42)
fivetran/terraform-provider-fivetran: docs/resources/group.md

- `name` - The group name within the account. The name must start with a letter or underscore and can only contain letters, numbers, or underscores.

### Read-Only

- `created_at`
- `id`
- `last_updated`

## Import

> To import an existing `fivetran_group` resource into your terraform state you need to get `Destination Group ID` on the `Destination` page at the Fivetran Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import an existing `fivetran_group` resource into your Terraform state, you need to get **Destination Group ID** on the destination page in your Fivetran dashboard.
```

To retrieve existing groups use [Data Source: fivetran_groups](/docs/data-sources/groups).
Then define an empty resource in your .tf configuration:

```hcl
resource "fivetran_group" "my_imported_fivetran_group" {

}
```

> And call `terraform import` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Call the `terraform import` command:
```

```
terraform import fivetran_group.my_imported_fivetran_group <your Destination Group ID>
```

> 4. Copy and paste the values from the state to your `.tf` configuration using the `terraform state show` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Use the `terraform state show` command to get the values from the state:
```

- `name` - The group name within the account. The name must start with a letter or underscore and can only contain letters, numbers, or underscores.

### Read-Only

- `created_at`
- `id`
- `last_updated`

## Import

1. To import an existing `fivetran_group` resource into your Terraform state, you need to get **Destination Group ID** on the destination page in your Fivetran dashboard.
To retrieve existing groups, use the [fivetran_groups data source](/docs/data-sources/groups).
2. Define an empty resource in your `.tf` configuration:

```hcl
resource "fivetran_group" "my_imported_fivetran_group" {

}
```

3. Run the `terraform import` command:

```
terraform import fivetran_group.my_imported_fivetran_group <your Destination Group ID>
```

4. Use the `terraform state show` command to get the values from the state:

```
terraform state show 'fivetran_group.my_imported_fivetran_group'
```

> 5. Paste the values to your `.tf` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Copy the values and paste them to your `.tf` configuration.
```
